# Choose Your Own Adventure 
## Alonzo Robles, Connor Huang, Martin Lu

[Click to go to the Story](story.md)

___
## Authors forward
This interactive story follows a future where the metaverse, an extension of the internet and social media to virtual and augmented reality worlds, as a major medium of communication and interaction, is owned by a single monopolistic corporation, has substantially shaped culture, society, and notions of normality. We chose to explore the effects of the metaverse/social media technology through following Wilbur Lee adapt to life in silicon valley, a city built by the Galacta corporation for metaverse users. We were inspired to explore this topic because we see the extreme impact social media technology has had on the world over a relatively short time period. The concept of the metaverse provides an interesting concept to explore online identity, media monopoly, echo chambers, and digital escapism. Individually, we researched how social media technologies and corporations have affected society. Martin focused his research on how social media has affected marginalized groups, especially regarding disability activism, and the effects of algorithmic filtering on online communities.

We took a nuanced approach towards synthesizing insights gained from research, focusing on creating a futuristic yet realistic setting, which we convey through metatext of the worldbuilding and plot events. For example, towards an exploration of how metaverse-oriented infrastructure shifts notions of disability, the story follows the protagonist’s difficulty in trying to navigate the city without using augmented reality (Section 30); an environment where AR technology is expected disables those who do not have access to the technology. The infrastructure of the city is built around those who are able to use AR, VR, and mind reading technologies - businesses need not use any physical cash or card because it can be handled virtually, and the city does not need artificial lighting because the physical appearance of the city is augmented in. Similar explorations of echo chambers, online activism, and workers rights are central to the short story. 
