I feel like I have been on this dreary bus for all my life. Pressing my face against the hot window glass, I only just realized that the soybean fields that usually surround the interstates gave way to warehouses, towns and cities. It made me feel a bit strange, knowing that thousands of people like me were ready to settle into a new strange life, every day. We held our own for a long while - Dad always thought that the new ways of life were destroying humanity, and that we better just live off the land- granted, what “live off the land” meant to Dad was to skimp on upgrading the autonomous crop systems and stocking the nuclear bunker with platinum and Reese's peanut butter cups. Ever since they redirected Mississippi and cut federal funding, our yields have been only getting worse, and the welfare and employment guarantees promised by the Galacta corporation in the new silicon valley division felt more and more enticing. I’ve heard a lot about what goes on in the metaverse, but I try my best to ignore it, which isn’t too hard- all but the biggest news is gibberish. But one can only rewatch the same old movies and reconfigure corrupted harvest drones so many times before wondering what life as a qualia streamer would be like. Through a clearing in between two mountains, that’s when I first caught sight of it, an almost futuristic town in the distance, this was what I could only assume was Silicon Valley. They call it silicon valley, but it's far from what it was a couple decades ago. Due to Galacta development and metaverse technology, silicon valley has become a behemoth, consuming a significant portion of central California with a dense network of industry and population tethered together by neural technology. The sheer scale of it all was something to behold.

Over the intercom, the voice of an angel announced our arrival, and with the opening of the doors, everybody began to flood out, all heading in seemingly different directions. The atmosphere here was much different than what I was used to seeing; the air was heavier, it was humid and warm although there wasn’t much sunlight at this time of day, and there seemed to be little to no interaction between individuals, the dense crowd of people and vehicles moved past each other at full speed as if no one else was there. It was surreal thinking that those who live here for long enough just learn to filter everything out, and just let the system take over the everyday tasks of eating, cleaning, exercise, and traveling. I pulled the brochure from my back pocket and reread the information printed on the back- “Our welfare clusters have a wide range of services to help you find a new home in the metaverse. Your physical and mental health are our utmost priority, which is why we provide world class counseling and seminars to help you through every detail of your new lifestyle …” I only just realized that right in front of me, in the center of the city which loomed over us, was the Galacta headquarters. I could continue inside, but there’s still much of the city that I could see. 

do I:

[Follow the escort bot to the headquarters to get your assignment](Section11.md)

or

[Explore more of the city](Section30.md)